Docs: Add scale query string parameter to share panel (#24599)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/reference/share_panel.md

- **height**: height in pixels. Default is 400.
- **tz**: timezone in the format `UTC%2BHH%3AMM` where HH and MM are offset in hours and minutes after UTC
- **timeout**: number of seconds. The timeout can be increased if the query for the panel needs more than the default 30 seconds.

> - **scale**: numeric value to configure device scale factor. Default is 1. Using a higher value will produce more detailed images (higher DPI). Supported in Grafana v7.0+.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **scale**: numeric value to configure device scale factor. Default is 1. Use a higher value to produce more detailed images (higher DPI). Supported in Grafana v7.0+.
```
